it's not surprising that many gamers are
constantly in search of a discount on
the titles they want lots of aaa titles
cost around 60 us dollars at launch and
tend to stay that way for quite a long
time after release and with digital
distribution being the norm these days
it becomes very difficult to sell your
games later on after you've gotten tired
of them and even if your taste in games
isn't big budget titles that require a
big upfront cost you can easily spend
tons of money on dlc even after buying a
cheaper game or you can just pay on both
ends
easier as a result a number of grey
market online stores have popped up such
as g2a and kinguin that offer digital
game keys from third party sellers at
prices often far lower than you'd find
from traditional stores or directly from
the developers but how do they keep
their prices so low and is buying from
these places a good idea well these keys
can come from a variety of places g2a
claims that many of the keys for sale on
their site come from wholesalers that
buy them in bulk from game studios while
others are sold by folks who take
advantage of promotions such as humble
bundles and giveaways then flip those
codes for a profit
entrepreneurs however many codes are
acquired by much less
ethical means it's not uncommon for
unscrupulous resellers to pose as game
journalists or youtubers
rude and attempt to trick developers
into giving out review codes or for them
to buy codes in one region of the world
where a game is cheaper and resell them
to folks elsewhere denying the game
studio a sale in that other location but
considering it's not that hard to steal
a credit card number many keys are
simply purchased with a pilfered visa or
mastercard and resold at a very low
price in fact earlier this year g2a
promised that it would pay developers 10
times what they lost in credit card
chargebacks for any stolen keys that
ended up on the g2a platform
however g2a also downplayed how often
this actually occurred and while g2a
said that they wanted to allow game
studios to block certain keys from being
sold on the platform indie game
developers specifically wanted many of
their games to be delisted from the site
entirely since they're more vulnerable
to financial harm than the larger
developers but g2a refused to do this
and this problem isn't just specific to
game keys many major online game stores
like steam no longer sell keys instead
of signing a specific copy of the game
to the account that bought it again
perhaps with a stolen credit card yet
it's still possible to transfer access
to buyers who might not be aware that
they're buying a stolen game through
gifting systems such as steam gifts and
regardless of whether it bothers you
that you might be buying a stolen or
otherwise ill-gotten copy of a game you
do run the risk of the game studios
deactivating your copy if you found out
it wasn't legitimately obtained ubisoft
did exactly this back in 2015 to gamers
who already bought and activated games
from reseller sites that were originally
obtained with a stolen credit card the
move spurred outrage among gamers that
didn't realize that they had bought a
stolen game and although ubisoft did
ultimately restore access to players
that had already activated their games
they didn't give any other recourse for
other resold keys doing the right thing
maybe not in the best way okay riley i
get it these game marketplaces are shady
but how can i save money on games
without using them i i got kids to feed
man well the good news is that sites
like is there any deal make it fairly
easy to find out if a game you want is
on sale at a seller known to be
legitimate at any given time and you
also have the option of buying game
bundles at a significant discount there
are also game subscription services such
as ea access and xbox game pass that
lets you play from a library of titles
for a flat monthly fee and down the line
you may even have the option to
legitimately purchase used digital games
from others earlier this year a french
court ruled that consumers have the
right to sell their unwanted steam games
assuming valve doesn't win their appeal
so hopefully buyer's remorse over
digital games will soon become a thing
of the past in the meantime you might
want to think twice before pre-ordering
that copy of dishwashing simulator 4
even though it sounds incredibly fun you
know what is incredibly fun not getting
your credit card details stolen so check
out today's sponsor privacy.com
techwiki for a free easy to use service
that hides your credit card number
you see it works by creating a virtual
card number that's locked to whichever
merchant you're shopping at so even if
the merchant gets hacked the bad guys
won't be able to use your card number
anywhere they please and if they try
you'll get a push notification so that
you're always in the loop and can cancel
the card immediately privacy.com is pcie
dss compliant uses military-grade
encryption to secure your information
and offers two-factor authentication and
since they make money from merchants
there's no cost to you if you sign up
today you'll get five bucks check it out
today at privacy.com forward slash
techwiki that's privacy.com forward
slash techwiki check it out
right now all right that's it for this
video guys thanks for watching like
dislike check out our other videos and
comment below with video suggestions if
you have them if you don't don't worry
about it
we got some more
ideas